Teddy.gesbert/doc dora (#28316)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dora_metrics/data_collected/_index.md

### Commit attributes

| Attribute name                 | Type   | Description                                                                                                    |
|--------------------------------|--------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `commit.sha`     | string | The SHA of the commit. |

### Failure metrics

| Metric  | Type   | Description                |
|------------|--------|----------------------------|
| `failure.count` | number | The number of failures. |
| `failure.time_to_restore` | number (s) | The time in between a failure's `started_at` and `finished_at` timestamps. |

### Failure attributes

| Attribute name                 | Type   | Description                                                                                                    |
|--------------------------------|--------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `failure.severity`            | string | The severity level of the failure (e.g., SEV-1). |

## Custom Dashboards
 

> DORA metrics are highly flexible and can be used in custom dashboards to fit your team’s specific needs. You can also export the default dashboards available in the DORA UI and personalize them to match your workflows and visualization preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DORA metrics are highly flexible and can be used in custom dashboards to fit your team’s specific needs. You can also export the default widgets available in the DORA Metrics page and personalize them to match your workflows and visualization preferences.
```
